Glulx assembler and linker v1.0
By Maks Verver <maksverver@geocities.com>

Mostly compatible with glulxa 0.5 by Carlos Sánchez and Simon Stapleton, but
with some additional features that make it more suitable for use as part of
a compiler toolchain:
 - Assembling and linking are separate steps, with an object format in between
   to contain assembled (but not yet linked) code; symbols to be exported must
   be marked explicitly with the export keyword (symbols that are not resolved
   in a single translation unit are marked as imported symbols implicitly).
 - Data defined in separate sections (i.e. separated by a section directive) is
   candidate for deletion when linking is performed: all sections that are not
   referenced directly or indirectly from the sections in which the application
   entry point or the initial encoding table 

Additionally, code generation is slightly different:
 - Size prefixes are ignored (all operand sizes are computed automatically)
   but they are recognized to stay compatible with glulxa.
 - A two-pass assembler process to compact operands results in a compact
   encoding of constants, local variable references and branch offsets.

Usage:

  glulxas input.ula output.ulo

    Assembles the file input.ula and creates an object file called output.ulo.
    If the second operand is omitted, the object file name is chosen
    automatically by taking the input file's base name and appending ".ulo".
    Finally, if no arguments are given, the assembler reads from standard input
    and writes the resultin gobject file to standard output

  glulxld -o output.ulx input1.ulo input2.ulo input3.ulo ..etc..

    Links the input files (which must be object files created with glulxas) and
    creates a complete version 3.1.1 Glulx module called output.ulx. If no name
    is given for the output filename, output is written to a.ulx by default.

Notes:

The exported symbol "main" determines the application entry point. If it is not
defined, the start of the first code section is used instead, or the start of
the first vcode section if no code sections exist.

The exported symbol "decodingtbl" determines the value for the initial decoding
table. If it is not defined, not initial decoding table is set.

Each object file can specify a stack size (with the stack directive); the final
stack size for the linked module is the maximum of the stack sizes defined in
all modules, rounded up to a 256 byte boundary, with a minimum of 256.

Although the extsize directive is recognized for compatibility with glulxa, it
is ignored by the assembler. To allocate memory past the extstart boundary,
define data in the new bss section.

Bugs/limitations:
 - support for RAM-relative memory references is not implemented yet.
 - branch offsets are computed correctly only for section-local label
   references.
